1. Hours to complete the project: 20 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (WordNet Data Type): 1. The first issue that I encountered was 
   reading in the synsets and trying to understand what data structures I 
   should use. I noticed that RedBlackBST was one of the imports. I knew 
   that I should use it. Since the Synset data was grouped into pairs I 
   knew that the key would be a String and the the value would have to be 
   stored into a Set that would store Integers. This would prevent any 
   duplicates repeating since we only need the first occurrences. 2.
   I also used a RedBlackBST for hypernyms. I used the first ST to get
   the next number from the hypernyms search tree. 

   Problem 2 (ShortestCommonAncestor Data Type): 1. The first issue I 
   had was with distance from. Kyler explained that we would use 
   a Separating Hash Symbol Table and a Queue to find the distance. 
   We would put the value into the Symbol Table with 0 and then enqueue 
   the value into the queue. Then since if it was not empty we would 
   dequeue the items from the queue and check the adjacent neighbors to
   see if there is any items that were not already in the Symbol table 
   and put it into the Symbol Table and check its neighbors. Once we go 
   through we return the Symbol Table as it holds distances from each 
   other. 2. The next hardest problem was with Triad. This was 
   particularly hard since we needed to have finished ancestor and 
   distFrom. We would go through both Subset A and B and check 
   the distances between them. When we found the distances between them
   we would update the corresponding values and distance. Lastly we
   would build a new array containing The shortestAncestor and 
   the edges from V and W.

   Problem 3 (Outcast Data Type): 1. My only issue with Outcast was with 
   Outcast method. I tried to return the farthest, but every time it would
   come out with random words and I didn’t understand why. I needed to 
   keep track of of d which it was updated every time and then compare 
   it to the largest distance. Then I return the farthest word.

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   Kyler              SI Instructor  He explained everything in great
                                   detail and put up on the board a 
                                   visual example of how the graphs
                                   look like. He also answered questions
                                   that I didn’t understand.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
